You do know, you do know that they don't want you to have lunch. I'm keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch. Life is what you make it, so let's make it. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that's the key, Lion! You smart, you loyal, you a genius. Don't ever play yourself. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it's a cold world out there.

Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! The other day the grass was brown, now it's green because I ain't give up. Never surrender. Bless up. You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. Don't ever play yourself.

Let's see what Chef Dee got that they don't want us to eat. The key to more success is to have a lot of pillows. Every chance I get, I water the plants, Lion! Celebrate success right, the only way, apple. The other day the grass was brown, now it's green because I ain't give up. Never surrender. Congratulations, you played yourself. To be successful you've got to work hard, to make history, simple, you've got to make it.

We the best. We don't see them, we will never see them. Let's see what Chef Dee got that they don't want us to eat. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. I'm up to something. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it's a cold world out there. We the best. They don't want us to win. The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don't want you to eat.

To succeed you must believe. When you believe, you will succeed. The key is to enjoy life, because they don't want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don't want you to jetski, they don't want you to smile. The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! You see the hedges, how I got it shaped up? It's important to shape up your hedges, it's like getting a haircut, stay fresh.

The key to success is to keep your head above the water, never give up. Eliptical talk. The weather is amazing, walk with me through the pathway of more success. Take this journey with me, Lion! The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don't want you to eat. Egg whites, turkey sausage, wheat toast, water. Of course they don't want us to eat our breakfast, so we are going to enjoy our breakfast.

You should never complain, complaining is a weak emotion, you got life, we breathing, we blessed. In life there will be road blocks but we will over come it. The key is to enjoy life, because they don't want you to enjoy life. I promise you, they don't want you to jetski, they don't want you to smile. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it's a cold world out there.

The first of the month is coming, we have to get money, we have no choice. It cost money to eat and they don't want you to eat. Look at the sunset, life is amazing, life is beautiful, life is what you make it. Major key, don't fall for the trap, stay focused. It's the ones closest to you that want to see you fail. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that's the key, Lion!

The key is to drink coconut, fresh coconut, trust me. I told you all this before, when you have a swimming pool, do not use chlorine, use salt water, the healing, salt water is the healing. Bless up. Eliptical talk. Let me be clear, you have to make it through the jungle to make it to paradise, that's the key, Lion! Wraith talk. Major key, don't fall for the trap, stay focused. It's the ones closest to you that want to see you fail. Watch your back, but more importantly when you get out the shower, dry your back, it's a cold world out there.

Don't ever play yourself. Put it this way, it took me twenty five years to get these plants, twenty five years of blood sweat and tears, and I'm never giving up, I'm just getting started. The other day the grass was brown, now it's green because I ain't give up. Never surrender. You do know, you do know that they don't want you to have lunch. I'm keeping it real with you, so what you going do is have lunch.